feat: add Replay Vision launch blog post (#19176)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/replay-vision.md

---
date: "2026-07-31"
title: "Replay Vision watches the session recordings you never will"
featuredImage: https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Frame_144166_1_661eb2706f.png
author:
  - sara-miteva
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
category: PostHog news
tags:
  - Product updates
  - AI
  - Session replay
  - Self-driving
---

> Somewhere in your session recordings is the moment a user rageclicked a dead button and walked out. There was no error thrown. And, if you don't watch all sessions one by one, you'll probably never find out when and where this happened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Somewhere in your session recordings is the moment a user rageclicked a dead button and walked out. There was no error thrown, and nobody filed a ticket – most users don't bother. They just leave. Unless you watch every session one by one, you'll never know it happened.
```

> [Replay Vision](/replay-vision), live today, is our AI layer for [session recordings](/session-replay) that reads finds where users are struggling. It's like a detective in your product, looking for clues on your behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Replay Vision](/replay-vision), live today, is our AI layer for [session recordings](/session-replay) that finds where users are struggling. It's like a detective in your product, looking for clues on your behalf.
```

A 60-second cache had pinned one transient empty result and kept serving the blank, while the "No results" state showed before the real answer had landed. The fix stops caching empty results and holds the loading state until the fresh answer arrives. Merged: [posthog#67499](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/67499).

## Neither case was cracked by a human

Both PRs above reached us the same way:

1.  A scanner spotted the struggle in a recording.
2.  That finding became a signal in our [Inbox](https://app.posthog.com/inbox).
3.  A background agent investigated it and opened a pull request.
4.  It landed in our inbox for review. We read both, and merged them.

That's the [self-driving loop](/self-driving), and Replay Vision is what plugs session recordings into it: the witness that used to need a human watching is now something the loop can act on.

## Point a scanner at your sessions

![error tracking ui scanner screenshot](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Clean_Shot_2026_07_28_at_19_48_22_2x_1_686e104dba.png)

Here's how it works: You set up a scanner, aim it at the sessions you care about, and it works one job on each, on demand, or on a schedule.

> -   **Monitor** – answer a yes/no question, like "did this user hit the paywall and bounce?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Monitor** – answer a yes/no question, like "did this user hit an error and quietly give up?"
```

-   **Scorer** – rank sessions by frustration, so you watch the 10 that matter, not the 10,000 that don't.
-   **Classifier** – tag what each user was trying to do.

> -   **Summarizer** – write up what happened in plain English.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Summarizer** – write up what happened in your product's words: "went through onboarding, got stuck requesting parental consent."
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every observation links back to the exact moment in the recording, so you can watch the evidence before you act on it. And because scanners watch the rendered screen, they catch problems that never throw an error: spinners that never resolve, buttons that only _look_ clickable but aren't actually clickable.
```

## Or just ask

You can also ask your agents to set up your scanners for you or tell you what users are doing from [Slack](/slack), [PostHog Desktop](/desktop), or your editor via the [PostHog MCP](/docs/replay-vision/mcp):

Set one up and see what it'll cost:

```
Set up a scanner that flags mobile users who abandon checkout, and estimate what it'll cost me per month.
```

[Try it with PostHogAI](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max:Set%20up%20a%20scanner%20that%20flags%20mobile%20users%20who%20abandon%20checkout%2C%20and%20estimate%20what%20it%27ll%20cost%20me%20per%20month.)

Run one on a recording you're already looking at:

```
Run a frustration score on this recording and tell me where it dropped.
```

[Try it with PostHogAI](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max:Run%20a%20frustration%20score%20on%20this%20recording%20and%20tell%20me%20where%20it%20dropped.)

Read back what a scanner has already found:

```

> Show me the sessions my dead-ends scanner flagged on the pricing page this week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What are the top three issues my dead-ends scanner found on the pricing page this week? Show me an example recording for each.
```

```

> [Try it with PostHogAI](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max:Show%20me%20the%20sessions%20my%20dead-ends%20scanner%20flagged%20on%20the%20pricing%20page%20this%20week.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Try it with PostHogAI](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max:What%20are%20the%20top%20three%20issues%20my%20dead-ends%20scanner%20found%20on%20the%20pricing%20page%20this%20week%3F%20Show%20me%20an%20example%20recording%20for%20each.)
```

> Spin up a classifier on a flow you care about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Point one at the users you're losing:
```

```

> Create a scanner that tags what each new signup was trying to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summarize the last session of every user who churned this month and give me your best guess why.
```

```

> [Try it with PostHogAI](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max:Create%20a%20scanner%20that%20tags%20what%20each%20new%20signup%20was%20trying%20to%20do.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Try it with PostHogAI](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max:Summarize%20the%20last%20session%20of%20every%20user%20who%20churned%20this%20month%20and%20give%20me%20your%20best%20guess%20why.)
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add another one:

Put one on an experiment:

```
Create a scanner that watches my checkout experiment and tells me how users behave differently in each variant.

```

[Try it with PostHogAI](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max:Create%20a%20scanner%20that%20watches%20my%20checkout%20experiment%20and%20tells%20me%20how%20users%20behave%20differently%20in%20each%20variant.)

---
date: "2026-07-31"
title: "Replay Vision watches the session recordings you never will"
featuredImage: https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Frame_144166_1_661eb2706f.png
author:
  - sara-miteva
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
category: PostHog news
tags:
  - Product updates
  - AI
  - Session replay
---

Somewhere in your session recordings is the moment a user rageclicked a dead button and walked out. There was no error thrown. And, if you don't watch all sessions one by one, you'll probably never find out when and where this happened.

> [Replay Vision](/replay-vision), live today, is the detective who will actually find this for you. It's our AI layer over [Session Replay](/session-replay) that reads your recordings, so the struggles buried in them stop going unsolved.

Reviewer 2: The tense here feels a bit weird and passive. 

```suggestion
[Replay Vision](/replay-vision), live today, is our AI layer for [session recordings](/session-replay) that reads finds where users are struggling. It's like a detective in your product, looking for clues on your behalf.
```

## Point a scanner at your sessions

![error tracking ui scanner screenshot](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Clean_Shot_2026_07_28_at_19_48_22_2x_1_686e104dba.png)

> Replay Vision is pretty easy to use. You set up a scanner, aim it at the sessions you care about, and it works one job on each, on demand, or on a schedule:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's how it works: You set up a scanner, aim it at the sessions you care about, and it works one job on each, on demand, or on a schedule.
```

Generally better to never tell someone a thing is easy -- it's an overused claim and it's better to just show them.

-   **Monitor** – answer a yes/no question, like "did this user hit the paywall and bounce?"
-   **Scorer** – rank sessions by frustration, so you watch the 10 that matter, not the 10,000 that don't.
-   **Classifier** – tag what each user was trying to do.
-   **Summarizer** – write up what happened in plain English.

## Or just ask

> You can also ask your agents to set up your scanners or tell you what your users are doing, from [Slack](/slack), [PostHog Desktop](/desktop), or your editor via the [PostHog MCP](/docs/replay-vision/mcp):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also ask your agents to set up your scanners for you or tell you what users are doing from [Slack](/slack), [PostHog Desktop](/desktop), or your editor via the [PostHog MCP](/docs/replay-vision/mcp):
```

Set one up and see what it'll cost:

```
Set up a scanner that flags mobile users who abandon checkout, and estimate what it'll cost me per month.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Could we use the AskMax component or a link to run this in PostHog web directly? Just feels neater than a code block for text that will be copy and pasted. Not a blocker.

A scanner reading those sessions flagged the dead click. Following the trail, it also caught the page firing a throttled refresh on every load, throwing 24,740 rate-limit errors in 30 days without ever returning fresher data, so the one thing our error tracking had plenty of was the symptom nobody was actually hitting.

The fix relabeled the button, opened docs in a new tab, and stopped the refresh storm. Merged: [posthog#67643](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/67643).

## Case two: the search that swore the event didn't exist

![Case two: the search that swore the event didn't exist](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/replay_pr_case2_0143ff4da2.png)

The taxonomic filter is the picker you use to choose events and properties across insights, dashboards, and experiments. Search it for an event you know exists, and every so often it insisted: "No results." Broaden the search and the event strolled right back in, like it had somewhere to be. Two recordings about 16 hours apart caught users typing an exact event name, getting nothing, and second-guessing themselves.

> A 60-second cache had pinned one transient empty result and kept serving the blank, while the "No results" state showed before the real answer had landed. The fix stops caching empty results and holds the loading state until the fresh answer arrives. Merged: [posthog#67499](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/67499).

Reviewer 2: STRONG. 

I actually think you could re-order and lead with these areas, then put the "How to use it" stuff at the bottom, driving toward a CTA.
